NARRATIVE OF STORY (Pre -Alpha Version )
The Player Is abandoned by their team at the start. Mainly due to an infection they wrongly accused them of.
The world environment is highly pathogenic and immunity and strength is way lower than In the world before . Its very dystopian , and there is a general sense of paranoia due to an unexplained phemonemon , which everyone refers to as "the break". 
I guess I will call this Game Avantura 
In the beginning , stage 1 , the player has been ransacked of their items . They were determined to be executed , but the person assigned to do so was zolov , a close friend of yours , who is the only person In the group who carries out executions . Zolov lets you go into the open cold , letting him have some hope of you surviving , even though he knows you will most likely die there .
Stage 1
zolov: "lie down, and stay quiet "
*you close your eyes expecting zolov to shoot you*
[shot sound effect] *you hear the gunshot*
" you hear the sound of the gun being put back into the holster"
*for a minute  in the harsh cold you believe you are dying , waiting to bleed out, your ears are ringing loudly and you feel a warm water flowing down your neck* 
*the ringing goes away and nothing happens* 
"you hear the sound of the van going  away"
*you check around and see a jacket laying next to you*
*you're very confused , but you look and realise you are ok , and were either hastily shot or spared*
"Its very cold... and this hurts "
If player at this point decides to look , they will see the jacket and scarf next to them and ron (the player) will inspect the wound realising they were only grazed by the bullet  , the player must then interact with the items and then use them  .
Scarf Use message "That will stop the bleeding "- 
Jacket Use message "thats a little warmer"

*You have nothing on you besides your jacket snd scarf  , although from what it seems , you can' t stand the heavy winds and cold with this jacket and scarf alone.*
The player should move into the woods and hunt for their own survival , with the limited wildlife around them.
Using the move
The first level they use items to take down some small rodents and birds . 
The second level they go over the mountain to  hunt fish and have to face a moose and take it down then use the path to find an outpost 
Stage 2
They find the cold snowy regional outpost , you don't know where it is, all you can see are the remains of the others that tried to survive there.You gather stuff from previous survivors and some fast acting antibiotics, you also get a blueprint of the place. They fend off against anomlous acting rodents and animals who have turned mysteriously way more aggressive around a certain area of the outpost , behaving erratically and attacking anyone approaching it. at which point you get a glimpse of a few cameras which are still operational , with some corrosive look to them . Once They find you they are watching your every move , and they also remember where you last left and entered from , reason being the corrosive substance shows up everywhere the cameras last see you. using the blueprint you find out there is a workshop you can use to craft a gun , and you will go around  looking for items to craft the gun , The outpost also has a main security area which If you break , or deactivate you find the secret room. Which will only work if you use two of the  3 bullets
 
Then you *fight* a few rodents and animals to go to the coded elevator . After which you enter underground to find some more food and shelter , as told to you on the blueprint. Once you enter you See a sign saying , SECURE CONTAIN , PROTECT. You' ve heard of some similar sounding ominous group a few years ago , but don't know what they really did. The elevator conveiniently stops working when this happens and you come across a huge hallway. The player has no choice but to keep going forward until they reach the offices  where various experiments are being conducted , there is also a small white ball that has an undescribable color , which upon looking at you are drawn to . The player can either choose to pick up this item or not . If they decide to , they will then read about of all stats being maxxed out / if we decide to implement hp , or some feeling of invincibility .  After leaving the offices , precisely in 3 commands , they will encounter SCP 106 , coming to attack them. No matter what scp 106 will take them into the pocket dimension For some reason the wound that had healed earlier is now bleeding again . Once they enter , they will have to navigate the pocket dimension and leave it as soon as possible , after which they will come across the exit , once they exit they will have to use all the collected resources and their abilities to take down the final boss, zolov himself . 

Zolov will try all kinds of tricks and attacks , which the player must avoid .  Once zolov Is defeated you realise what the group was attempting to do to you from the beginning, they were attempting to use you as bait for scp 106 , because they had no other choice
 . After which you can either decide to kill zolov and continue to scavenge alone and have revenge , ending the game but giving a bleak story, or forgive the foundation and take lead to take down 106 which also ends the game but gives you a guided story.
Backstory provided after reaching the end : The Rei foundation was a powerful group in the dystopian world of avantura , having ties and connections to many factions around them. Although their actions were questionable , they were mostly considered a respectable foundation , almost acting as a pseudo- government in the area , leading to peoples development even after the pathogenic apocalypse. Ron (the player) being a high - ranking member , was one of few from the foundation that always pulled resources away from corruption and prevented the board from gaining any corrupt resources. Although some of the board members quietly disapproved of this , on the surface they all respected him. Zolov was one of the few people that ron kept close,  helping him in recon missions and putting his life on the line even after being a high ranking member. Ron helped zolov also secure a permanent position at the foundation . The major 4 board members , who had gotten there by slightly questionable means , were also held high in public perception , and were the ones who kept in contact with various other foundations across the country , Ron had overheard them speak about an ominous group known as SCP , but was kept in the dark about them .The SCP foundation In this new order , was weaker now than before , mainly due to lack of resources and was finding it especially difficult with a "containment entity " marked  SCP-106 . This was an anomalous entity held in containment that was designated "KETER" , a designation only given to highly difficult and dangerous items to contain. The SCP foundation had sent multiple bait subjects to no avail. They were running out of capable and relaible personell able to lure 106 , along with discovering that it was gaining new abilities and growing tougher to contain. SCP foundation- sector 3 had developed a test item using their research of other  anomalous objects, that could forever trap the personell using it but also take down 106 being stuck to its pocket dimension forever, not requiring containment ever again . Doing so would require a highly skilled and knowledgable personell, which could also endure great hardship and suffering. During discussions , they knew that they would not be able to send such a personell without the approval of Ron or the public .  The board connived a plan to use Ron as bait for the object, since he was away from the public eye  , setting up a survival scenario for him , in which ron completely by his own accord would go to the base of SCPs containment cell and help contain it for some while longer . Zolov was also pressured into doing so , and joined in on the betrayal, only because the foundation knew that if 106 was not contained , it would ruin the Rei foundations resources , and end up destroying the area . Which is why you were used as the final solution , without your knowledge . 
DEV NOTE (lol im not a serious dev yet): Due to the program requiring totalised functions I will be implementing a very small part of the game and then expand it. I will let the game actually grow larger after my submission is complete , just so i can Become More skilled at problem solving , instead of reading theoretics .  
  